chore(docs): add terraform example for deployment trigger (#17829)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/automate/events/automations-triggers.mdx

              - external.resource.replied
```

### Define deployment triggers using Terraform

> You can also setup a deployment trigger via Terraform resources, specifically via the `prefect_automation` [resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PrefectHQ/prefect/latest/docs/resources/automation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a deployment trigger via Terraform resources, specifically via the `prefect_automation` [resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PrefectHQ/prefect/latest/docs/resources/automation).
```
